What is encapsulation?
Basically, if I want to write abstraction,
then I would have it as a class and it will tend to have
some data and some operations on that data.
If we go back again to the vector,
it keeps the elements and then there's operations through to access
the elements like getting the 17th element or something like that.
Now, I don't really want my users to mess with my data,
I want them to use the operations I'm providing.
A constructor for using curtailing the vector,
pushback for growing it by one element, things like that.
So to protect my data against people sneaking
past the official interface and using the data directly,
I provide what's called a public interface and private part the implementation details.
So I say that the data has been encapsulated
inside the object that provides the interface.